05-CV.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: CV
---

## Agostino Leone CV
![Logo a colori (orizzontale)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77905257-dcd9-4d72-8c8c-e7e70d8bb7ab)
<img src="assets/ProfPic2.JPG" alt="my image" width="300" align="right">

# AGOSTINO LEONE, Ph.D.
Via Archirafi, 20, 90123, Palermo, Italy

personal email: agostino.leone2@gmail.com

current professional email: agostino.leone@unipa.it

Orcid:  [[0000-0002-3927-7563](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-3927-7563)].

Scopus Author ID: [[55454170900](https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=55454170900)].

_________________________________________________________________________________
---
layout: default
title: CV
---
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://d1bxh8uas1mnw7.cloudfront.net/assets/embed.js'></script>


<nav class="navigation">
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#positions">Positions</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#past">Past Positions</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#education">Education and Qualifications</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#software">Software and Data</a></li>
  </ul>
</nav>



Positions
=============
<a name="positions"></a>

Current Position
----------------------------------
Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology and Population Genetics University of Palermo
02/03/2023 – present
Marine Ecology & Conservation Lab (MecLab)
Department of Earth and Marine Science (DiSTeM)
University of Palermo
Via Archirafi, 20 - 90123 - Palermo (PA), Italy

<a name="past"></a>

Past Positions
----------------------------------
- 15/07/2022 – 27/02/2023 Research Fellow in Marine Molecular Ecology University of Bologna Laboratory of Genetics and Genomics of Marine and Environmental Resources Alma Mater Studiorum - University of Bologna Dept. Biological, Geological & Environmental Sciences, Via Sant'Alberto, 163 - 48100 Ravenna, Italy

- 04/01/2021 – 03/07/2022 Postdoctoral Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology IFREMER, MARBEC, Institut Français de Recherche pour l'Exploitation de la MER (IFREMER) Marine Biodiversity Explotation and Conservation (MARBEC), Station de Sète - Avenue Jean Monnet - 171 - 34203, Sète Cedex, France

- 29/06/2018 – 28/06/2019 Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology AZTI, Marine Research Division, Txatxarramendi ugartea z/g, 48395 Txatxarramendi, BI, Spain

<a name="education"></a>

Education and Qualifications
----------------------------------

- PhD in Earth, Life and Environmental Science University of Bologna 2014 - 2018, Thesis: Genomic applications in fish traceability and fishery stock management: phylogeography and population structure of the Mediterranean-Atlantic blue shark, _Prionace glauca_

- M.Sc. in Marine Biology University of Bologna 2011 - 2013

- B.Sc. in Evolutionary & Comparative Biology University of Calabria
<br>

 <a name="reports"></a>

Commit message:

Add editorial membership and peer review section
Updated the CV to reflect editorial membership and peer review activities.

05-CV.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: CV
---

## Agostino Leone CV
![Logo a colori (orizzontale)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77905257-dcd9-4d72-8c8c-e7e70d8bb7ab)
<img src="assets/ProfPic2.JPG" alt="my image" width="300" align="right">

# AGOSTINO LEONE, Ph.D.
Via Archirafi, 20, 90123, Palermo, Italy

personal email: agostino.leone2@gmail.com

current professional email: agostino.leone@unipa.it

Orcid:  [[0000-0002-3927-7563](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-3927-7563)].

Scopus Author ID: [[55454170900](https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=55454170900)].

_________________________________________________________________________________
---
layout: default
title: CV
---
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://d1bxh8uas1mnw7.cloudfront.net/assets/embed.js'></script>


<nav class="navigation">
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#positions">Positions</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#past">Past Positions</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#education">Education and Qualifications</a></li><!--
    --><li><a href="#editorial">Software and Data</a></li>
  </ul>
</nav>



Positions
=============
<a name="positions"></a>

Current Position
----------------------------------
Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology and Population Genetics University of Palermo
02/03/2023 – present
Marine Ecology & Conservation Lab (MecLab)
Department of Earth and Marine Science (DiSTeM)
University of Palermo
Via Archirafi, 20 - 90123 - Palermo (PA), Italy

<a name="past"></a>

Past Positions
----------------------------------
- 15/07/2022 – 27/02/2023 Research Fellow in Marine Molecular Ecology University of Bologna Laboratory of Genetics and Genomics of Marine and Environmental Resources Alma Mater Studiorum - University of Bologna Dept. Biological, Geological & Environmental Sciences, Via Sant'Alberto, 163 - 48100 Ravenna, Italy

- 04/01/2021 – 03/07/2022 Postdoctoral Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology IFREMER, MARBEC, Institut Français de Recherche pour l'Exploitation de la MER (IFREMER) Marine Biodiversity Explotation and Conservation (MARBEC), Station de Sète - Avenue Jean Monnet - 171 - 34203, Sète Cedex, France

- 29/06/2018 – 28/06/2019 Researcher in Marine Molecular Ecology AZTI, Marine Research Division, Txatxarramendi ugartea z/g, 48395 Txatxarramendi, BI, Spain

<a name="education"></a>

Education and Qualifications
----------------------------------

- PhD in Earth, Life and Environmental Science University of Bologna 2014 - 2018, Thesis: Genomic applications in fish traceability and fishery stock management: phylogeography and population structure of the Mediterranean-Atlantic blue shark, _Prionace glauca_

- M.Sc. in Marine Biology University of Bologna 2011 - 2013

- B.Sc. in Evolutionary & Comparative Biology University of Calabria
<br>

 <a name="editorial"></a>

Editorial Membership and Peer Review Activity
----------------------------------

#Editorial Member (Review Editor) of [[Endangered Species Research](https://www.int-res.com/journals/esr)].

Reviewer for:
- Heredity
- Ecology and Evolution
- Fisheries Research
- Reviews in Fish Biology and Fisheries
- Journal of Fish Biology
- Marine Pollution Bulletin
- PeerJ
- The European Zoological Journal
- Frontiers in Marine Science
- Conservation Genetics Resources
  MDPI... stay back from me
